Another interesting
activation function is ReLU.
ReLU stands for Rectified Linear Units.
And why it is so interesting?
I think I want to spend just two
minutes to draw a couple of things for
you to actually explain what ReLU
is doing and why it is so cool.
So on our new diagram,
we will be comparing sigmoid
versus ReLU, Rectified Linear Units.
So sigmoids, if you remember it
will just take all of those signals
and simply transforming
it in something between 0
and 1, that's what sigmoid is doing.
ReLU is doing something different.
So it also takes all this signals, but
it will simply, actually, let's use green.
It we'll set it to 0 when our
signals are equal to 0 and
it will return the same
value when it's positive.
So you can think about it that relu
mathematically speaking, oops,
sorry, rely, relu = max(x, 0).
It's mathematically how
the ReLU is defined.
And the reason why it is so
cool, why it is,
So fast actually,
it's because when our number is negative,
it just should return zero, right?
And when it's positive,
it will return the x itself.
So for this function to process on
the hardware, what we will need to do,
we need to check only one beat.
What is the sine of our number?
And if the sine is negative,
we just simply return back 0.
If it's positive,
we return the number itself.
At the same time with a signoid,
you have exponent sitting aside,
so there should be some lookup function
right, to find the proper value.
So when you have exponents in your
functions, it complicates things.
So calculating even one
value of sigmoid of some x,
will probably require several
iterations on the CPU and
GPU, but with ReLU,
you can do it in one tick.
And you can paralyze a lot of things.
So that's why ReLU is cool and
ReLU have been introduced by Google, guys.
And the original idea why
sigmoid was introduced first,
they were afraid that if
we have Redstone signal,
and don't limit it to once.
The sound might be way too big, right?
For instance, in this case if we
using ReLu it's still the case, but
we can overcome it by simply
switching to higher flow.
Basically, we can instead
of using 32 bits,
per number like in our 32 bit floats,
right?
Or four bytes per floating point number.
We can switch 64 bits for instance.
So double precision will allow you
to extend the dynamic range of
the calculations and therefore you can
process significantly larger numbers.
And the thing is there are other
mechanisms which helps you to regulate and
not go to very large values.
Now, it's scope for the regularization
in machine learning, and
basically allows you to,
all those weights to adjust
depending on the amplitude of the signal
not get to those really large numbers.
But you still get
the benefit of this really,
really fast calculation of relativity.